How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
	Seeing only the differences between the file versions prevents you from having to look through all the code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
	Having the file history can help you rreview an pold program by looking through the edits to see your thought process and promote your memory.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

	pros
	can create reasonably sized commits
	commits wills compile
	can comment on changes made to commit 

	cons
	will not save if program crashes
	user error or forgetting to commit can lead to lack of revision history
	confusing for begginer programmers

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	For Git changes in one file often require changes to be made in multiple files. This is a single logical change but need to be made in multiple files.

	For Google Drive files do not usually have much dependency for normal users and Google Drive does not need multiple files to be in a revision history.

 How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	 git log shows the log of commits with information of author, date, commit id, and commit comments
	git diff shows lines that are added or deleted 
	this shows the changes made in the commit
	git diff currentID previousID

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	Making changes does not change the current version. You may even be able to fork at the commit id to save multiple changes and then add them all in.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
	I want to use Git to do version control for my javascript